---
layout: page
description: Zuru Privacy Notice
title: Privacy Notice
permalink: /privacy
---

# Zuru Privacy Notice

Notice carefully as it describes our collection, use, disclosure, retention,
and protection of your personal information.

This notice applies to any website or service which references this Privacy
Notice. Where you provide us with your personal information in any of the
ways described in section 4 below, you agree that we may collect, store, and
use it (a) in order to perform our contractual obligations to you, (b) based
on our legitimate interest for processing (i.e. for internal administrative
purposes or for the detection or prevention of crime) or (c) based on your
consent, which you may withdraw at any time, as described in this Privacy
Notice. You have certain rights in relation to your data, including the
right to object to processing based on legitimate interests, profiling
(including the use of custom and lookalike/similar audiences), and direct
marketing. At any time, you can exercise your rights by emailing us at
[info@zurugroup.com](mailto:info@zurugroup.com). For further details about
our processing and your rights, please see below.

#### 1. Who we are

Our Privacy Notice applies to all services offered by Zuru Group Ltd and its
affiliates, but excludes any products, applications, or services that have
separate privacy notices which are not incorporated in this Privacy Notice.

Zuru Group Ltd controls the data collected when you interact with a website
owned by Zuru Group Ltd.

For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), Mr
Savvy Ltd is the controller in relation to your data.

For further information about our Privacy Policy, our processing of data
about you, or if you have any queries about your rights under local law, how
to update your records, or how to obtain access to the information that we
hold about you, please contact us:

Post: Data Protection Officer Zuru Group Ltd 20-22 The Mall Clifton Bristol
BS8 4DR Online: [dpo@zurugroup.com](mailto:dpo@zurugroup.com)

#### 2. About our site

Our site connects people who are looking to purchase a product or service
(“The Product”) with relevant providers (“Business Partners”) who can offer
quotations for the selected product or service.

#### 3. What data we collect and how

To the extent permissible under the applicable law, we collect information
about you when you:

- Register to use our website or service; this may include your name,
  address, email address, telephone number...We may also ask you to provide
  additional information about product preferences or requirements.

- Contact us by telephone, fax, SMS, email or post.

- Contact us through the Chat app available in our website

- Contact us through other channels like social media portals.

- When you sign up to receive our newsletter

We also collect information from your devices (including mobile devices)
that you use to access our website (for example, we may collect the device
identification number and type, location information and connection
information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from the
sites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing history and
your web log information. We may do this using cookies or similar
technologies (as described in section 9 below).

#### 4. How we use your data

To the extent permissible under applicable law, we use your information:

**To contact you to confirm your details or requirements**

We may contact you by phone, SMS, email or the chat on our website to
confirm some details or product requirements. We may also contact you to ask
about your experience using our site and service, and dealing with the
Business Partners which we connected you with.

**To connect you with the relevant Business Partners**

When you sign up on our website, we will pass your request on to one or more
Business Partners. After submitting the webform you will receive an email
from us confirming which Business Partners have received your information
and are now allowed to contact you. Those Business Partners now act as data
controllers of your data, so if you wish to understand how these Business
Partners may process your personal data, please take the time to read their
Privacy Policy. They may contact you by telephone, text/SMS or email.

Please note that some of our Business Partners use local service providers
(“Subsuppliers' ') to perform the specific service in your area, in those
situations both supplier and sub supplier become the data controllers of
your data for the purpose of providing the service.

Before we pass your request to any Business Partners, our service may
involve an element of automated decision-making. On some occasions, we may
automatically assess your product preferences and pass your request to the
appropriate Business Partners. You have the right to object to such
automated decision-making and you can do so by emailing us at
[info@zurugroup.com](mailto:info@zurugroup.com)

Sometimes we also share IP addresses with Business Partners to enable
Business Partners to verify the request.

**To email you about other Offers – But only if you have not opted out of
such emails**

When you use our site we would like to contact you via email, SMS about
similar products or services to the one you have shown interest in and we
think you might like. You can always unsubscribe from those emails/SMS and
we won’t contact you again.

**To create custom and lookalike/similar audiences**

We work with Facebook, Google, and other platforms (“Platforms”) to reach
out to you with ads from other offers or to create similar audiences or
custom audiences. Data is aggregated and pseudonymised and you can always
object to this activity by emailing us at
[info@zurugroup.com](mailto:info@zurugroup.com) or by changing the cookies
settings at the bottom of all pages in our site.

**Working with suppliers**

We work with a number of suppliers, who process data on our behalf. These
include cloud storage providers and email service providers. We have
appropriate contracts in place with such suppliers to ensure the protection
and confidentiality of data.

We may analyze your personal information to build individual profiles, which
also includes collection and (statistical) analysis of the data. Individual
profiling is used to predict future interests and provide you with offers
that are relevant and interesting for you. Profiling is based on the data
you have provided to us through the contact form and also on your behaviour
when surfing the Internet (only if you have given consent). You have the
right to object to profiling by sending us an email to
[info@zurugroup.com](mailto:info@zurugroup.com).

#### 5. Transferring your data

Personal information in the European Union is protected by data protection
laws, but other countries do not necessarily protect your personal
information in the same way. Our website and some of our services, or parts
of them, may also be hosted in the United States or otherwise outside of the
EEA (which means all EU countries including Norway, Iceland, and
Liechtenstein) and this means that we may transfer any information which is
submitted by you through the website or service outside the EEA to the
United States or to other territories outside of the EEA. When you send an
email to us, this will also be stored on our email servers, which are hosted
in the United States.

We may use service providers based outside of the EEA to help us provide our
websites and services to you (for example, platform providers who help us
deliver our services, or advertising) and this means that we may transfer
your information to service providers outside the EEA for the purpose of
providing our applications, advertising, and services to you.

We take steps to ensure that where your information is transferred outside
of the EEA by our service providers and hosting providers, appropriate
measures and controls are in place to protect that information in accordance
with applicable data protection laws and regulations. In each case, such
transfers are made in accordance with the requirements of Regulations (EU)
2016/679 (the General Data Protection Regulations or “GDPR”) and may be
based on the use of the European Commission’s Standard Model Clauses for
transfers of personal data outside the EEA.

By using our website or services or by interacting with us in the ways
described in this Privacy Notice, you consent to the transfer of your
information outside the EEA in the circumstances set out in this Privacy
Notice. If you do not want your information to be transferred outside the
EEA, you should not use our website or services.

#### 6. Storing your data

We have a data retention policy, which sets out for how long we keep data.
We will keep your data only for as long as necessary to fulfil the
purpose(s) for which it was collected in the first place.

#### 7. Legal grounds for processing

| Activity                                                             | Lawful basis under the GDPR | Your rights                                                               |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Data processing for the completion of the Service                    | Legitimate Interests        | You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests. |
| Using and sharing IP addresses                                       | Legitimate Interests        | You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests. |
| To email you about similar Products                                  | Legitimate Interests        | You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests. |
| Receiving data from service providers                                | Legitimate Interests        | You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests. |
| To create custom and lookalike/similar audiences                     | Legitimate Interests        | You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests. |
| Automated decisions and Profiling                                    | Legitimate Interests        | You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests. |
| Processing of Personal Data in order to comply with applicable laws. | Legitimate Interests        | You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests. |

This notice sets out (above) how we use your data. Under the GDPR,
controllers must have a valid lawful basis for each processing activity that
they undertake. This section sets out our lawful basis for each activity.

#### 8. Your rights

If you are based within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or within another
jurisdiction having similar data protection laws, in certain circumstances
you have the following rights: the right to be told how we use your
information and obtain access to your information;

- the right to have your information rectified or erased or place
  restrictions on processing your information;

- the right to object to the processing of your information e.g. for direct
  marketing purposes;

- the right to have any information you provided to us on an automated basis
  returned to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format,
  or sent directly to another company, where technically feasible (“data
  portability”);

- where the processing of your information is based on your consent, the
  right to withdraw that consent subject to legal or contractual restrictions;

- the right to object to any decisions based on the automated processing of
  your personal data, including profiling; and

- the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority responsible
  for data protection matters

If we hold any information about you which is incorrect or if there are any
changes to your details, please let us know so that we can keep our records
accurate and up to date.

If you withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information for
purposes set out in our Privacy Notice, we may not be able to provide you
with access to all or parts of our websites and services.

We will retain your personal information for the duration of our business
relationship and afterwards for as long as is necessary and relevant for our
legitimate business purposes, in accordance with the Zuru Group Ltd Data
Retention Policy, or as otherwise permitted by applicable laws and
regulation. Where we no longer need your personal information, we will
dispose of it in a secure manner (without further notice to you).

#### 9. Cookies

Cookies are small text files which are transferred from our websites or
services, and stored on your device. We use cookies to help us provide you
with a personalised service, and to help make our websites and services
better for you.

Our cookies may be session cookies (temporary cookies that identify and
track users within our websites or services that are deleted when you close
your browser or leave your session in the application or service) or
persistent cookies (cookies which enable our websites or services to
“remember” who you are and to remember your preferences within our websites
or services and that will stay on your computer or device after you close
your browser or leave your session in the application or service).

We use the following different types of cookies:

**Strictly Necessary Cookies**

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be
switched off in our systems. They are set in response to actions made by the
user in the website and are required to identify irregular site behavior,
prevent fraudulent activity, and improve security.

You can set your browser to block or alert about these cookies, but some
parts of the site will then not work. These cookies do not store any
personally identifiable information.

**Performance cookies and analytics technologies**

These cookies collect information about how visitors and users use our
websites and services, for instance which functionality visitors use most
often, and if they get error messages from areas of the websites or
services. These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor
or user. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore
anonymous. We only use these cookies to improve how our websites and
services work.

We use third parties like Google Analytics for this purpose, for further
information, please visit their privacy policy:
<https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=ZZ>

**Functionality cookies**

These cookies allow our websites and services to remember choices you make
(such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide
enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember
changes you have made to text size, fonts, and other parts of web pages that
you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked
for. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot
track your browsing activity on other websites.

**Targeting or advertising cookies**

These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your
interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an
advertisement, as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising
campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website
operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and
this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers.
Quite often, targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site
functionality provided by the other organisation. For further details in how
these networks process personal data, please find a link to their respective
privacy policies. You can also manage your cookies settings and
automatically disable targeting or advertising cookies at the bottom of this
page.

- Facebook Advertising: <https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation> or
  visit <https://www.facebook.com/help/610457675797481/?helpref=hc_fnav> to
  see how your data is used on Facebook Ads

- Bing Ads: <https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement>

- LinkedIn Ads: <https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy>

- Twitter Ads: [https://twitter.com/privacy ](https://twitter.com/privacy)

**Web beacons and parameter tracking**

We also use cookies and similar software known as web beacons to count users
who have visited our website after clicking through from one of our
advertisements on another website or in emails, and to collect details of
any products or services purchased. These web beacons collect limited
information that does not identify particular individuals. It is not
possible to refuse the use of web beacons. However, because they are used in
conjunction with cookies, you can effectively disable them by setting your
browser to restrict or block cookies.

**Third party website widgets**

We use a third party review provider, Trustpilot, to receive and publish
reviews about our services. If you make a review about our website, this
will be published on www.trustpilot.com and also may be published on our
website as well as in Google Search Results. For further details, please see
Trustpilot privacy notice:
[https://legal.trustpilot.com/end-user-privacy-terms
](https://legal.trustpilot.com/end-user-privacy-terms)

**IP Address and traffic data**

We keep a record of traffic data which is logged automatically by our
servers, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, device information,
the website that you visited before ours, and the website you visit after
leaving our site. We also collect some site, application, and service
statistics such as access rates, page hits, and page views. We are not able
to identify an individual user from traffic data or site statistics.

**How to disable cookies**

You may be able to configure your browser or our website or service to
restrict cookies or block all cookies if you wish, however if you disable
cookies you may find this affects your ability to use certain parts of our
websites or services. For more information about cookies and instructions on
how to disable cookies in your browser:

- Internet Explorer:
  [http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies
  ](http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies)

- Google Chrome: [https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
  ](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en)

- Safari: [http://help.apple.com/safari/mac/8.0/#/sfri11471
  ](http://help.apple.com/safari/mac/8.0/#/sfri11471)

#### 10. Your rights

For further information about our Privacy Policy or our processing of data
about you or if you have any queries about your rights under local law, how
to update your records, or how to obtain a copy of the information that we
hold about you, please contact us:

Post: Data Protection Officer Zuru Group Ltd

20-22 The Mall

Clifton

Bristol

BS8 4DR

Online: [dpo@zurugroup.com ](mailto:dpo@zurugroup.com)

#### 11. Individuals Rights

- 11.1. the right to be informed

- 11.2. the right of access

- 11.3. the right to rectification

- 11.4. the right to erasure

- 11.5. the right to restrict processing

- 11.6. the right to data portability

- 11.7. the right to object

- 11.8. rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling

If you are dissatisfied with our response to your invoking any of your
rights under the Data Protection Act 2018, then you have a right to complain
to the Information Commissioner’s Office, whose details are set out below.

**Contact details**

Visit: [www.ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint](www.ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint)
and select Your Personal Information Concerns Call: 0303 123 1113 Chat:
[ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/live-chat
](ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/live-chat) Information: Commissioner’s
Office,

Wycliffe House,

Water Lane,

Wilmslow,

SK9 5AF.

Zuru Group Ltd - ICO Number: ZA362338
